When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all
your work local?

    A remote repository would let me collaborate with others on
    projects, and also allow me to work on a project from multiple
    local locations.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Changes can happen to the remote that are outside of your control,
    performed by other team members, so it is preferrable to
    scrutinize the synchronization.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When
would you use one instead of another?

    A fork makes a separate copy of a repository on GitHub, presumably
    in a separate account, that refers back to the original
    repository, but then work on the new repository can continue
    independently.  Useful when you want to take an existing project,
    and go off and do something else with it while work on the
    original does whatever it is going to do.

    A clone makes a copy of a repository that is intended to be used
    to continue the work being done on that repository, with the
    expectation of synchronizing with it in the future.

    A branch is to enable someone to work on a variant of the project,
    typically with the expectation that it will stay synchronized with
    the main project, even if it maintains a separate form of it.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the
remote stored locally?

    It will allow you to detect changes to the remote that have
    happened since you last pulled it, which will then assist you with
    merging your own changes since that time with the remote.
    
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?

    The only easier thing about collaborating without Git and GitHub
    would be the effort to train the entire team on effectively using
    those tools.  Everything else: tracking changes, communicating
    them effectively, supporting independent work that can later be
    combined, etc., would all be much easier.
